Hello everyone, today
give you your attention
the next job is a backpack which
skin made from leather
common people call it a major
cattle
In this case, I think it is
cow
how black was made to order
team
so to speak of the Soviet Union was
taken something from the company zara
something from another firm in general
at the request of the customer, we have collected all the most
the best of those backpacks and put it together
all in one
since today there is very little in the market
given at all leather backpacks
man had to order
individual order and those that were
opportunity to buy
they were very large large
and the man ordered her to your liking
dimensions ie backpack
urban type can be said for
everyday use
hardware used under antique
Magnet front pocket pretty
still roomy here at will
customer lining was used
boy boy
made a big
karma back part
we look like this here
adjustments such things I do not know how they
are called
so as not to press on the shoulders
also used new paint
butt which taught looks wonderful
the handle is such a powerful ruler's backpack
I liked the roomy
yours to
kept the shape like that from the inside
My dog ​​here suggests that they are like
there is such a pocket inside
testila my logo shnochechek
could not resist a little thing
no customer will have given thank you all for
attention by the way here are such wonderful legs
made a crap also
here is such a backpack who cares
contact speak valuable speak your
desires and try to embody their lives
bye everyone